wwwroot\css\site.css
wwwroot\favicon.ico
wwwroot\img\bg-footer.png
wwwroot\img\carrossel\1.png
wwwroot\img\carrossel\2.png
wwwroot\img\carrossel\3.png
wwwroot\img\carrossel\4.png
wwwroot\img\eye-icon.png
wwwroot\img\favs-icon.png
wwwroot\img\favsP-icon.png
wwwroot\img\fechar-icon.png
wwwroot\img\icon-shopping-prod.png
wwwroot\img\img1.jpg
wwwroot\img\img2.jpg
wwwroot\img\img3.jpg
wwwroot\img\login-icon.png
wwwroot\img\logout.png
wwwroot\img\menuBurguer-img.png
wwwroot\img\oceanid_logo.png
wwwroot\img\oceanid_logo_menor.png
wwwroot\img\pesq-icon.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom liquido\dior.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom liquido\fenty.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom liquido\franciny.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom liquido\marimaria.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom liquido\melu.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom liquido\nars.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom liquido\rarebeauty.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom liquido\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom\avon.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom\fenty.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom\givanchy.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom\nars.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom\quemdisseberenice.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom\rarebeauty.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\batom\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\gloss\fenty.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\gloss\fran.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\gloss\fran2.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\gloss\mari2.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\gloss\marimaria.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\gloss\melu.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\gloss\nars.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\gloss\rarebeauty.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\gloss\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\lapis de boca\givanchy.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\lapis de boca\mac.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\lapis de boca\nars.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\lapis de boca\natura.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\lapis de boca\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\lip balm\balm.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\lip balm\fran.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\labios\lip balm\rarebeauty.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\cilios postiço\anastacia.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\cilios postiço\ciliosthat.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\cilios postiço\marimaria.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\cilios postiço\preco].txt
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\cilios postiço\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\delineador\coloridomelu.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\delineador\fentypreto.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\delineador\franpreto.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\delineador\melupreto.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\delineador\narspreto.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\delineador\pratafenty.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\delineador\preco.txt
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\delineador\rarepreto.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\delineador\rosamelu.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\delineador\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\lapis de olho\azulnars.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\lapis de olho\brancomelu.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\lapis de olho\fentylapis.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\lapis de olho\franlapis.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\lapis de olho\lapisrare.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\lapis de olho\marromnars.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\lapis de olho\preco.txt
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\lapis de olho\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\mascara de cilios\fentycilios.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\mascara de cilios\fentycilios2.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\mascara de cilios\francilios.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\mascara de cilios\marimaria.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\mascara de cilios\melu.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\mascara de cilios\melu2.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\mascara de cilios\narscilios.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\mascara de cilios\preco.txt
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\mascara de cilios\rarebeauty.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\primer\nars.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\primer\preco.txt
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\primer\primerrare.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\primer\primertoofaced.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\primer\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\sombra\fenty1.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\sombra\fenty2.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\sombra\meluroxo.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\sombra\narsombra.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\sombra\sombrajellymari.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\sombra\sombraliqrare.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\sombra\sombranars2.png
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\sombra\sombraspreco.txt
wwwroot\img\produtos\olhos\sombra\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\img\shopping-icon.png
wwwroot\img\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\js\site.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\LICENSE
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.map
wwwroot\lib\jquery\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\LICENSE.md
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\LICENSE.txt
